[Music]
guys look if we're not self-conscious
about our abs or lack thereof
then it's our puny arms that have us
looking in the mirror and sighing and
disappointment okay maybe I'm being a
little dramatic but seriously if you're
looking to beef up your arms fast then
try these exercises out let's start with
the triceps these are the muscles that
run along the back of your arm from your
shoulder to your elbow a lot of people
forget about them and that be a big
mistake you see your arms aren't just
about the biceps you know the one you
flex for someone when they want to feel
your arm muscles in fact your biceps
only make up one third of your upper
arms the rest is all tricep so the rule
of thumb is if you want really big arms
you need to work on your triceps too and
here are the exercises that will help
you do it incline dumbbell skull
Crusher's lie down on an inclined bench
with a dumbbell in each hand carefully
bring your arms up overhead and keep
your hands shoulder-width apart
now slowly bend your elbows to bring the
dumbbells toward your temples your upper
arms shouldn't move only your forearms
straighten your arms back out and that's
one rep you need three sets of twelve to
fifteen each it might seem like a lot
but the triceps are one of those muscle
groups that are hard to work on so you
need more reps to start to feel it think
of the first two sets as a sort of
warm-up for your muscles just don't
overdo it with huge weights from the
get-go building up your arms takes time
so be patient and here's a cool tip for
you try to do this exercise at different
angles and greps this will help you
target different parts of your triceps
there are three of them hence the whole
try thing so that they get massive in no
time reverse grip push-ups here's a fun
spin on traditional push-ups I'm sure
you know how to do a push-up but here's
a reminder get on the floor with your
arms straight hands in line with your
shoulders and your feet straight back
behind you pull your core in your
stomach shouldn't be hanging down now
for the reverse style
turn your hands in the opposite
direction so that they're fronting more
toward your toes yeah it takes
flexibility and strength so this one is
in for beginners and if you can't do it
just work your way up from regular
push-ups you'll get there in no time
don't worry
anyway this style will make the outside
part of your triceps really work try to
do four sets of 12 to 15 reps or work
your way up to that goal as for the last
set do as many reps as you can with the
same weights on your back again if
you're new to the whole fitness game
then work your way up to the weighted
version
- this one's intense but it helps grow
your triceps dramatically cable tricep
pushdowns here's probably one of the
most classic and standard moves to build
up your triceps grab the cable with your
hands close together and your palms
facing down keep your elbows tucked at
your sides and bent at a 90 degree angle
now straighten your elbows to bring the
cable downward then slowly return to the
initial position I'd recommend doing 3
sets of 15 reps for this one there are
also different styles you can do with
the cable machine like facing away from
it and doing similar move like you did
in the dumbbell Skullcrusher exercise
just pick a style that you like best or
do as many different times as you want
in order to hit all the parts of the
triceps ok let's move on to those biceps
if you want really big bulky biceps
you'll need to use the progressive
overload method
it basically means adding one more
weight and intensity to your exercises
with each set that you do starting with
preacher curls sit down on a preacher
bench and place your upper arms on the
support pack make sure your armpits are
right up on that pad and clean it
afterwards you can grab an EZ curl bar
dumbbells or a barbell whatever you
choose pull it up toward your chin hold
it there for a second and then slowly
straighten your arms and bring it back
down don't straighten your elbows
completely or you risk hurting
they should stay slightly bent and
parallel to each other
don't let them point outward try to do
four sets of 12 to 15 reps to really
blast those biceps barbell curl stand up
straight with your feet shoulder-width
apart head up shoulders back elbows
tucked into your sides and your chest
out now bring the barbell up to your
chin by bending your elbows and engaging
your biceps a great thing about barbell
curls is that you can put your whole
body into the last few reps when your
arms are getting kinda tired you know
it's best to do 4 sets of 10 to 12 reps
and don't forget about that progressive
overload thing add more weight to the
bar with each set zot man curls for your
final bicep exercise you'll need to grab
some dumbbells and hold one in each hand
with your arms down at your sides and
your palms facing your body keeping your
elbows locked at your sides curl the
weights up from your chin while turning
your palms toward your face from there
you'll do a 180 with your hands so that
your palms then face outward and lower
the dumbbells back down to the starting
position
all this turning might sound complicated
but it's what targets both the inner and
outer parts of your biceps making them
big and bulky all around you need four
sets of ten to twelve reps now before
you run to the nearest gym and over
train yourself there are some important
things for you to know all this stuff
about big arms and muscles isn't just
connected to lifting weights one of the
essential things here is your diet yeah
yeah it sounds so cliche but hear me out
you need to take in more calories than
your body requires right now with your
current weight and the best way to do
that is and guess is protein hey
athletes don't chug this stuff down for
nothing more specifically you need a
lean protein which can be found in eggs
nuts fish chicken beef pork and low-fat
dairy products
name of yep if you want to gain inches
around your arms try to consume one gram
of protein per pound of your bodyweight
you also shouldn't underestimate the
importance of staying hydrated and well
rested water and sleep should be your
best friends on your road to huge arms I
know it sounds kind of random but it
makes sense when you think about since
you'll be losing hydration through sweat
you need to replace it by drinking at
least six to eight glasses of water
every day
as for asleep I am sure you know the
drill seven to eight hours each night
but it's especially important for people
who work out because your muscles need
time to chill and repair the micro tears
they get from exercise it's okay these
tears are totally normal and that's what
builds a muscle in the first place so
that's it keep me updated on whether or
not these tips work for you and if you
know any other exercises that build big
muscular arms then sound off in the
comments down below
and don't forget to give this video a
like share with your friends and click
that subscribe button to stay on the
bright side of life